1. Tonight's Sky by Janet Ramsden
http://www.flickr.com/photos/ramsd/11892641653
Attribution Some rights reserved by JanetR3 

2. Relaxing in Maldives by Nattu
http://www.flickr.com/photos/nattu/2560555180
Attribution Some rights reserved by nattu 

3. Cloudal Eclipse by Ricardo Liberato
http://www.flickr.com/photos/liberato/185711145
Attribution Share Alike Some rights reserved by liber 

4. Laguna Verde, Bolivia by Pedro Szekely 
http://www.flickr.com/photos/pedrosz/2044860076
Attribution Some rights reserved by szeke 

5. Change - Its A New Year by Nana B Agyei
http://www.flickr.com/photos/nanagyei/6636632951/
Attribution Some rights reserved by Nanagyei 

6. Luik by Bert Kaufmann 
http://www.flickr.com/photos/22746515@N02/4468871811
Attribution Some rights reserved by Bert Kaufmann 

7. Kim Cathers by Kris Krüg
http://www.flickr.com/photos/kk/397834706/
Attribution Share Alike Some rights reserved by Kris Krug

8. Una Flor Celeste by Agustín Ruiz
http://www.flickr.com/photos/a6u571n/3145150472/
 
9. Anthophora terminalis by USGS
http://www.flickr.com/photos/usgsbiml/9302427961/
Attribution Some rights reserved by Sam Droege 

10. Göreme, Cappadocia (Kapadokya, Turkey) by Tiberio Frascari
http://www.flickr.com/photos/tango-/11825216696/
Attribution Share Alike Some rights reserved by tango- 

11. Poetic by Seyed Mostafa Zamani
http://www.flickr.com/photos/seyyed_mostafa_zamani/6966965057/
Attribution Some rights reserved by seyed mostafa zamani 

12. Cloud Factory by Andreas Levers
http://www.flickr.com/photos/96dpi/2779478194/
Attribution Some rights reserved by 96dpi 

13. Eu, Mundo by Jeronimo Sanz
http://www.flickr.com/photos/jeronimooo/11405605983/
Attribution Some rights reserved by jeronimoooooooo 

14. Mutant Turtles Unite! by JD Hancock
http://www.flickr.com/photos/jdhancock/11597106396/
Attribution Some rights reserved by JD Hancock 

15. Back in Time by JD Hancock
http://www.flickr.com/photos/jdhancock/4100030094/
Attribution Some rights reserved by JD Hancock 

16. White Star Line Building by Beverley Goodwin
http://www.flickr.com/photos/bevgoodwin/10111858394/
Attribution Some rights reserved by Bev Goodwin 

17. Untitled by Thomas Leuthard
http://www.flickr.com/photos/thomasleuthard/10104111684/
Attribution Some rights reserved by Thomas Leuthard 

18. Paris Old Metro Signboard by Pedro Ribeiro Simões
http://www.flickr.com/photos/pedrosimoes7/124758243/
Attribution Some rights reserved by pedrosimoes7 

19. Reflections of Sydney by Paul Bica
http://www.flickr.com/photos/dexxus/4756831209/
Attribution Some rights reserved by paul bica 

20. Walt Disney Concert Hall, Los Angeles by Pedro Szekely
http://www.flickr.com/photos/pedrosz/5616313017/
Attribution Share Alike Some rights reserved by szeke 